All right.
Are you ready for the final step.
Visualizing the results of the SVR model.
So we're gonna basically do the same thing as what we did before you know with the simple in our regression
model and the polynomial regression model.
And since we actually did it before we're not going to do it all over again.
You know the whole implementation of the code that plots the graph instead I have a much better idea
which will actually be a great exercise for you to practice what was just explained before with this
inverse transform method.
So the idea I have in mind is to take the visualization code of the polynomial regression model which
you know is right the bottom.
Here it is.
No that's the linear regression model.
And here it is.
The polynomial regression result.
So we're going to take this whole code here and we're gonna paste that inside a new code sell here for
the SVR results.
And now here we go.
The exercise I would like you to do is to figure out what needs to be replaced in that code in order
to make it work for the SVR.
And really I have explains everything.
Let me actually zoom out a bit.
Here it is.
I had explains everything.
You know with the transform methods and the inverse transform methods for you to be able to solve this
problem.
All right.
So now please press pause on the video and in a few seconds we will implement a solution together.
Okay let's do this.
I hope you at least tried you know what matters is that you try to practice and if you did not succeed
that's fine because right now we're about to succeed together.
All right.
So let's do this first let's just replace the obvious change.
We're going to replace polynomial here by Support Vector regression or as your as you want.
All right and then let's take it line by line.
This first line here is the line where we scatter blood.
You know the different points of coordinates given by the position levels and the real salaries.
So these red points here will be the real observations containing the real salaries for all the 10 different
position levels.
So here my question is do we need to change anything.
And the answer is Well absolutely yes.
Why is that.
That's because we would like to have a nice chart with the original scales of both the values of our
feature and the values of our dependent variable.
And remember that both X and Y were skilled with two different objects.
X was killed with the SC X scalar and Y was killed with X Y scalar.
So they are both on a certain scale different than the original scale which is this range of values
and therefore now what we would like to do is of course to reverse the scale in order to scatter plot
points in their original scale.
So very simply we simply have to apply the inverse transfer method here on both the matrix of Features
X and the dependent variable vector Y.
So let's do this.
That's our first step here.
We're first gonna call the SC underscore X scalar object from which we're going to call the inverse
transform method which will take hasn't put the whole matrix of features X..
Perfect.
And now let's do the same for Y which is still skilled with a scalar object SC y.
So there you go.
That's what we need to start with a SC on the score y or scalar object for the dependent variable vector.
And from which we have to call again the inverse transform method applied to that skilled vector Y.
Perfect.
So now this will give us the points you know the real points in their original skills.
That's good.
And then we can keep the red color.
That's all good.
Perfect for the first line.
Congratulations.
Now let's move on to the regression curve.
All right.
So here are the first obvious change is we will replace the name of the regressive.
This was for the polynomial regressive which we called Lynn rect too.
And now we called R as we are regressive regressive.
So we're quickly going to replace him Lin rec 2 by regret sir.
First obvious change then a second.
Obvious changes once again to remove all the poorly rag.
You know that was the actually transformation of the matrix of single feature into this matrix of bound
features.
So we have to remove all this actually we're just going to keep X so far and there he goes.
Now we have a clear line with just the predict method called from our aggressor applied to the matrix
of features x and so now the question is what do we need to do in order to get the regression curve
back into the original scale.
So try to figure it out and now I'm going to use solution.
Well let's start with that coordinate you know which is the x coordinates containing the position levels.
Well once again X right now at this stage is still scaled with that scalar object SC X and therefore
we have to reverse the scaling here by applying once again the inverse transform method from r sc x
object and therefore I'm going to copy this because we're gonna do exactly the same here.
We are going to reverse the scale of X to find the original scale.
All right so all good for the X coordinates and now a bit more difficult the y coordinates meaning the
predicted salaries.
Right.
This gave us the real salaries and now we would like to have the predicted salaries on the regression
curve of the SVR model.
So according to you what do we need to do here.
And then this will actually be our final change but yet not the easiest one.
So please take a few seconds to think about this and try to make the right change.
Right so I'm gonna give you a solution now.
Well let's take it step by step logically.
First of all predict X what does it return.
Well it returns indeed as a predicted salaries.
But in the new scale of y you know the new scale of the dependent variable vector and here.
Be careful not to apply the SC X transfer method.
Here we had to apply it because this was the original scale of the feature.
But here X is already skilled with that as X Geller object.
So we don't have to apply this transfer method again.
It's all good.
So X is correct here you know as the input of the predicate method.
But what is not correct is the scale of that predicted salary because indeed as we just said the predict
math we'll return the prediction in the same scale as the one that was used in the training.
And therefore here we need to reverse the scale of that predicted salary in order to find the original
skill of the dependent variable having these values.
All right.
So the only thing we need to do here is to call R S C underscore why object from which we're gonna call
the inverse transform method which will take as input all this right the inverse transfer method will
take as input the predicted salary but in the same scale that was used for the training and therefore
we have to reverse that killing in order to find the original skill of Y.
All right you see the idea we're going to check now that all this is correct you know it's easy to get
confused sometimes but I think I follow the right logic here.
So let's see.
Let's execute this cell here and here are the easy are results.
Congratulations if you managed to do the exercise and also if you tried to do the exercise and now congratulations
for getting this graph showing indeed the regression curve of the as we are morals now we're going to
do the same to get the curve with the higher resolution because I would like to make my comments on
this curve it is much nicer.
So we're going to do the same here.
You're going to do the same exercise with that code which plots that high resolution curve.
So let's get it here.
Here it is.
So copying this and pasting it right here below in a new code cell and now let's quickly replace everything.
So here we're going to replace polynomial by support vector regression.
Then let's replace that obvious regress or by regress sir.
Good.
And then let's get rid of poorly read here with the Fit transfer method.
And the parenthesis end good.
Now let's see what we have to replace.
So first of all we get the grid you know the high density points in the x axis meaning that instead
of having one two three four five six seven eight nine 10 will have 1 1 1 1 one point to one point three
up to nine nine point one nine point two nine point thirty nine point eight nine point nine ten.
Right.
That's what we are creating here.
But when doing this.
The problem is that X here is once again in the scale after the transformation.
Therefore here naturally we have to reverse that scale you know directly inside this main function in
max function.
So here.
Let's quickly reverse that scale of X by calling or see x object from which we're going to call the
inverse transform method which takes that input indeed x.
All right.
And then same here as C on the score X dot inverse transform method applied to X.
And now we're good with the grid then next step.
Well since the grid is now fine.
Well the reshape that we do here in order to get indeed all these high density points is fine.
So we can move on directly to the scatter plot of the real points you know with the real observations
meaning the position levels in the real salaries.
And here.
Well that's pretty obvious based on what we've just done here.
Of course X and Y are in the new scale you know resulting from standardization.
And so here we have to of course reverse that scale first by calling the SC x object from which we call
the inverse transform method to reverse the scale of X and then same we call the SC y object from which
we call the inverse transfer method to reverse the scale of Y.
All right.
So that's for real observations.
All good.
And now let's quickly finish it with that little change we have to make here for the regression curve
in high resolution thanks to this grid here that we made on the x axis.
And so here.
Well as we said X grid is fine it is already back into the right original scale but our predictions
here you know the method is applied to X grid which as we've just said is in the right original scale
and therefore we have to put it back into the scale that was used for the training.
And that's why the little trick here was to not to forget to apply this SC underscore X scalar object
from which we call the transform method in order to put X grid back into the scale resulting from standardization.
Otherwise the predict method would return nonsense predictions.
All right so all this regressive that predict FCX transform makes grid returns indeed the predicted
salaries for all the dance points in the x axis given by X grid but it returns these predictions in
the new scale of Y meaning the one resulting from standardization as well.
So we have to do one final thing here which is of course to reverse that scale and to do this we have
to call R S C underscore why objects from which we're going to call the inverse transfer method applied
to this whole prediction returned by the predict method applied to the transformed excrete All right.
Now it should be fine.
Let's check it out.
We're going to have a much nicer curve now thanks to the high density points.
So let's well first hope I didn't make a mistake but I think it's really fun to play with all these
transform and trends from method.
If you're still a bit confused or overwhelmed by all this I really recommend to try to do it again on
your own because you know we just have to follow a logical process by figuring out in which scale we
are and which transformation we have to do whether it is the direct transformation to scale or the inverse
transformation to go back to the original scale.
So you can totally do this the same on your own.
I think it's actually pretty fun.
And now let's play that cell in order to get well that beautiful regression curve of the support vector
regression model in high resolution and as we can see once again we see that that as we are it's perfectly
well adapted to this kind of data set you know with non-linear relationships because indeed the predictions
on this regression curve come very close to the real results meaning the real salaries except of course
for that one.
And that's good to know about the SVR.
If you have some kind of outlier or you know a point that is far from the majority of your other points.
Well the Support Vector regression model won't catch that properly.
All right.
So it's very interesting to see the pulling on the regression model did amazing here.
You know we had a nice prediction for this last salary but remember that there was some overfishing
because we chose a high degree and so maybe here we have a better learning actually because there is
less overfishing but still it's quite borderline but that's OK because what we wanted after all was
to get a good prediction for the salary of position level number six point five and that was very good
for negotiation.
So we can be very satisfied of the results provided by the SVR moral and mostly.
The important thing to remember is that indeed the SVR morale is great for actually most of the data
sets you know whether they are linear or non-linear.
Because remember when you build you as your model you can actually choose a linear kernel or a nonlinear
kernel you know.
And if you choose a linear kernel well you will get amazing results on a data set with linear relationships.
And if you get a nonlinear kernel like the regional basis function or the polynomial kernel you will
get again amazing results on data sets with non-linear relationships.
Here we have some polynomial relationships between the salary and the position level.
All right so the SVR is an amazing model.
But just be careful of the outliers which are not cut well by the SVR model in some data sets it's fine
but in some other problems you know outliers can be important because they can reveal important insight.
All right.
So congratulations again.
Now we're going to move on to the next section.
So for our lovers who also want to learn Ah well join me in the art tutorials to learn how to implement
the SVR model in R.
And for those who only work on python.
Well join me in the next practical activity where we're going to build together a decision tree regression
model.
I can't wait to move on to this new model.
And until then enjoy machine learning.